c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\Foursquare.dll.config
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\Foursquare.dll
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\Foursquare.pdb
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\obj\Debug\Foursquare.csproj.App.config
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\obj\Debug\Foursquare.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\obj\Debug\Foursquare.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\obj\Debug\Foursquare.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\obj\Debug\Foursquare.dll
c:\users\zlkha\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Foursquare\Foursquare\Foursquare\obj\Debug\Foursquare.pdb
